ISS-160289: Update the React Native SDK guide (#195)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/plug-sdk/react-native.mdx

### In-app link handling

> In certain cases, the links opened from the support chat are opened in the app instead of a browser. You can control whether the chat modal should be dismissed after the link is opened by calling the following method:

Reviewer: The revision has the problem that "opened" is repeated. I'd recommend sticking with the original phrasing of this line.

Reviewer 2: There were a few issues in the original phrasing, we can try to rephrase the part where opened is duplicated.

> In certain cases, tapping links in the support chat will open them in the app instead of a browser. You can control whether the chat modal screen should be dismissed after the link is opened by calling the following method:

Reviewer 2: We can use this suggestion.

| Method                                                               | Action                                                    |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
|`DevRev.startRecording()`   | Start the session recording.                             |

> |`DevRev.stopRecording()`    | Stop the session recording and uploads it to the portal. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DevRev.stopRecording()`    | Stop the session recording and upload it to the portal. |
```

|`DevRev.pauseRecording()`   | Pause the ongoing session recording.                     |
|`DevRev.resumeRecording()`  | Resume a paused session recording.                       |

> |`DevRev.processAllOnDemandSessions()`  | End the ongoing session recording and uploads all offline sessions on demand, including the current one.|

Reviewer 2: The verb _end_ is still here, we should use _stop_.

> |`DevRev.processAllOnDemandSessions()`  | Stop the ongoing session recording and uploads all offline sessions on demand, including the current one.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DevRev.processAllOnDemandSessions()`  | Stop the ongoing session recording and upload all offline sessions on demand, including the current one.|
```

### Register for push notifications

<Callout intent="note">

> Push notifications require that the SDK has been configured and the user has been identified, to ensure delivery to the correct user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure delivery to the correct user, push notifications require that the SDK has been configured and the user has been identified.
```

DevRevSDK.registerDeviceToken(deviceToken: string, deviceID: string)
```

> On Android devices, the `deviceToken` should be the Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) token value, while on iOS devices, it should be the Apple Push Notification Service (APNs) token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android devices, the `deviceToken` must be the Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) token value. On iOS devices, it must be the Apple Push Notification Service (APNs) token.
```
